hopefully resolved two issues with one PR (#12)
Python-Community-News/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Table of Contents

> - [Claiming an Issue](#Claiming-an-Issue)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Making Changes](#Making-Changes)
```

> - [step 1. create an issue](#step-1.-create-an-issue)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [step 2 fork the code](#step-2-fork-the-code)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [step 3 Make the necessary changes](#step-3-Make-the-necessary-changes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [step 4 Submit a PR](#step-4-Submit-a-PR)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [CONGRADUALTIONS](#CONGRADUALTIONS)

Reviewer: Don't include the minor paths in the table of contents... It will make the ToC harder to Read

```suggestion
```

> - [CONGRADUALTIONS](#CONGRADUALTIONS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> # Claiming an Issue [Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)

Reviewer: This wasn't the suggestion I was making....

instead of h1 this should be an H3 (###)

```suggestion
### Claiming an Issue [Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)
```

Here are the steps to claiming an issue:

> ## step 1. create an issue [^Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## step 1. create an issue
```

> ## step 1. create an issue [^Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Check for an Existing Issue/Create One!
```

> Start with an issue # Enter a comment that says something to the effect of "I will work on this" and wait for the  one of the organizers to assigned you the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue text should do 2-4 things (Issue for a template incoming):

1. Explain the problem and it's impact
2. Gives steps to recreate the problem. This includes system settings if applicable
3. (Optional) Suggested Solution
4. (Optional) Are you interested in solving this issue? 
```

```

> #8 I'll take this issue off your hands

Reviewer: Can you expand on this issue perhaps use the suggestion I provided

```suggestion
## Problem: Black suggests using double-qoutes. This also creates a style-guide standard of the strings should be in the `f"string {value['attr']}"` format.

Using Black to format will reduce the amount of work done solely on formatting code

### To Recreate the Problem
This is  addition so no recreated needed

### Suggested Solution
Implement Black in either CI/CD or in pre-commit

here is the code for black in pre-commit
\```
  - repo: https://github.com/psf/black
    rev: 22.10.0
    hooks:
      - id: black
        name: Format Python
        language_version: python3.10
\```

## Would you like to work on this change?
Yes 😄 
```

```

> This makes it so that more than one person does not work on the same project at the same time (only one pull request will be accepted). 

Reviewer: Great acknowledgement here

> ## step 2 fork the code [^Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Wait to be assigned to the Issue
There will like need to be some conversation about the issue and its solution. Wait until one of the maintainers have assigned the issue to you. This prevents people from working on the same projects without others knowing. If the project is already assigned and you want to work on it, then notify the assigned individual.

### step 3 fork the code [^Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)
```

> after one of the organizers has  assigned you the issue for the code so that you may freely work on it within your own repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after one of the organizers has assigned you the issue for the code so that you may freely work on it within your own repository. 

Fork the code using the "Fork" button in the top-right corner.
```

> ## step 3 Make the necessary changes [^Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### step 4 Make Changes on all Required and Test your Changes Locally [^Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)

Don't just make the changes and hope things work. Add tests as necessary so that you know the changes will work as expected. There may be code coverage requirements.
```

> after you have forked the code you can make whatever changes that need to be made without an orginizer needing to ok every change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## step 4 Submit a PR [^Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### step 4 Submit a Pull Request [^Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)
```

> after the changes have been changed statisfatually you may then submit a PR (pull request). This allows the orginizers to look over the changes either accept them or sugjest new ones.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the changes have been made (and tested) you may then submit a Pull Request (PR). This allows the orginizers to look over the changes either accept them or suggest new ones.  
```

> # CONGRADUALTIONS [^Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^Back to Top](#Table-of-Contents)
```

> you have submited your first PR (pull request)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> (or you now remember how the process works)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
